README.md, before:

![Logo](https://i.ibb.co/VH5CLRH/cover.png)

# Freight Exchange Platform

FreightEx is platform that connects carriers, forwarding companies and clients that are looking for transport services

## Live

[FreightEx Platform Vercel](https://freight-ex-platform.vercel.app)

_Test Account_

Login: test@transportex.com
Password: Test123

## Installation

Install my-project with npm or arn

```bash
  npm run dev
  # or
  yarn dev
```

## Technologies

- Typescript
- PostgreSQL (supabase)
- HTML
- CSS

## Frameworks/Libraries

- React - Library for building user interfaces
- Redux - Redux is a state management library for JavaScript
- SCSS - Advanced version of CSS
- CSS Modules - Styles convention in React
- React-hook-form - Forms with easy-to-use validation
- Yup - Form validation
- react-google-maps - Maps and search location function
- MUI - Framework with pre-designed Material Design components
- Toastify - Customizable notification library for React

## TODO

1. General

- [ ] Add admin panel,
- [x] Improve design,
- [ ] Implement user guide
- [x] Improve responsiveness
- [x] Fix notifications box
- [x] Fix loads pagination

2. Loads subpage

- [x] Add GoggleMap error handling,
- [x] Improve date filters,
- [x] Implement function to remove filter cards
- [x] Add funtion to remove load from list when its accepted

3. Orders subpage

- [x] Add list of accepted orders,
- [x] Add functions to edit, delete orders,
- [x] Add list of published orders

4. Cars subpage

- [x] Add function to add,edit,delete vehicles,
- [x] Add fleet view

5. Invoices subpage

- [x] Add list of invoices,
- [x] Add function to issue an invoice
- [x] Add option to generate invoices in pdf

Commit message:

feat: update todo list, add instructions

README.md, after:

![Logo](https://i.ibb.co/VH5CLRH/cover.png)

# Freight Exchange Platform

FreightEx is platform that connects carriers, forwarding companies and clients that are looking for transport services

## Live

[FreightEx Platform Vercel](https://freight-ex-platform.vercel.app)

_Test Account_

Login: test@transportex.com
Password: Test123

## Installation

Install my-project with npm or arn

```bash
  npm run dev
  # or
  yarn dev
```

## Instructions

"If you are using the Freight Ex platform for the first time, please consider using the tutorial.
![Instructions](https://i.ibb.co/B4zTp29/guide.jpg)

## Technologies

- Typescript,
- PostgreSQL (supabase),
- HTML,
- CSS

## Frameworks/Libraries

- React - Library for building user interfaces,
- Redux - Redux is a state management library for JavaScript,
- SCSS - Advanced version of CSS,
- CSS Modules - Styles convention in React,
- React-hook-form - Forms with easy-to-use validation,
- Yup - Form validation,
- react-google-maps - Maps and search location function,
- MUI - Framework with pre-designed Material Design components,
- Toastify - Customizable notification library for React,
- React-pdf,
- React-joyride

## TODO

1. General

- [ ] Add admin panel,
- [x] Improve design,
- [x] Implement user guide
- [x] Improve responsiveness
- [x] Fix notifications box
- [x] Fix loads pagination

2. Loads subpage

- [x] Add GoggleMap error handling,
- [x] Improve date filters,
- [x] Implement function to remove filter cards
- [x] Add funtion to remove load from list when its accepted

3. Orders subpage

- [x] Add list of accepted orders,
- [x] Add functions to edit, delete orders,
- [x] Add list of published orders

4. Cars subpage

- [x] Add function to add,edit,delete vehicles,
- [x] Add fleet view

5. Invoices subpage

- [x] Add list of invoices,
- [x] Add function to issue an invoice
- [x] Add option to generate invoices in pdf
